hey guys it's team with hustle paintball
calm and today I'm going to show you the
mini tactical backpack from Gen X cool
now I have one of these myself it's
really really versatile so blitz pull
and close I'll show you what it looks
like looking at the front of the bag you
can see a lot of MOLLE webbing this is
so you can attach any kind of extras
that you'll need to the backpack so
there's this great strap here now it's
kind of weird-looking but it opens up
just like this so you can roll up a huge
coat put it in here and snap it into
place
that'll hold it for you now the nice
thing about all of these straps that you
see here is most of them are removable
so if you don't use them just like this
one here you can go ahead and pull it
all the way up and it doesn't even have
to be attached so on the front here's a
small pocket for some accessories that
you might be carrying whether that be
goggle cleaner or oil and a medium sized
pouch which have a couple pockets in
there so if you need any pens or
anything like that or if you want to put
your wallet in their battle swabs 12
gram cartridges anything that you
actually need separated from the
majority of yourself the zippers are
really nice durable they're easy to open
and they're easy to work with now both
sides of the bag there are these costs
there so that you can add extra stuff
onto the side without actually having to
fit it inside the backpack so you can
see this backpack isn't so many
it can actually become quite large gives
you extra space now it's not as tall as
a regular tactical backpack but still
plenty of space there got MOLLE webbing
along the side just in case you need to
add some extra pockets now this middle
pocket here go ahead and get the straps
off also has some extra pockets on the
inside these pockets are great if you
need to fit your IDs in here if you're
just playing a game and it's got some
extra room down there for your tank or
anything else that you have in there
this is also a great camping backpack
you really don't have to use it much for
people but it's great to multi-task so
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to touch
this part of the backpack so we can open
up the large portion of the backpack you
can see it'll unzip the entire way open
so there's all kinds of pouches in here
to allow you to fit whatever you need up
here and in here
now let's turn it around back you can
see that the straps are actually lightly
padded so they give you a little extra
support than just one strap and if you
need them there's a strap that can go
around your waist as well again as I
said if you don't need it just go ahead
and slip it out and you can remove it
but when you put it back in make sure
you're locking it in place so it doesn't
slip on you now the other great thing is
this back opening here genex built it so
that it only opens about this big but
you can go ahead and fit a camel pack in
there now the hose will run through here
and up here it's velcro so you can go
ahead and open that up
pull your hose out around the side it's
got spandex on the strap to hold it and
then you can just go ahead and close the
velcro around it alright so this is
truly a small backpack with tons of
features now one thing I failed to
mention is the ballistic material on the
bottom here but it's going to make it
super durable and ready for a beating
now these straps here also help you
carry a sleeping bag or a tent if you
need it if you're out on the scenario
events so if you have any questions
about all these items that you've seen
on the show today or have a comment or
suggestion for our next video go ahead
and email us at videos at hustle
paintball comm and as always you can
find all genex global items at WWE
hustle paintball comm follow us on
Twitter check out our Facebook and of
course subscribe to our YouTube or our
emails that way you won't miss out loan
what's coming next
see ya